Living in Dhaka city the main and the most annoying problem we face is the traffic jams. We spend an enormous amount of our precious time sitting in the middle of the road. I believe the traffic issue. There are no alternative routes for almost all destinations. So we would have to face the traffic anyway. Unless, someone could upload shortcuts via inner lanes for common destinations.	4
Dear Traffic Alert members/friends, I think we are limiting awareness to ourselves only. Let us instruct our drivers - not to honk unnecessarily avoid high beams.	4
Airport road stand still traffic . Traffic from Science Lab Signal has a long tail upto Dhanmondi 27 !	1
Avoid mirpur road!	1
I just came to Miprur 1 all the way from Newmarket. Traffic on the other side of Mirpur Road was stand still upto 27no!	1
Will be starting back for Dhanmondi 1. Don't know how long will it take.	3	
Severe traffic in Gulshan mainly from Gulshan 1- Gulshan 2 main road.	1	
i was stuck in traffic today for so long that i lost track of time. American embassy road to gulsan 2 signal, norda bazaar road leading to gulshan 2, the road in banani behind the graveyard that exits to gulshan 2 near ladies park, gulshan club road and everywhere else in gulshan.	1
it was like every road i would exit to get out of traffic would lead me to another road filled with more traffic. something should be done.	4
Gulshan-2 to Gulshan-1 is almost empty. slight traffic at the circles though because of us amazing citizens not following the traffic lights!	2
Gulshan and Banani both are pretty clear of traffic.	2
There is no meaning to this jam. The car moves after every 5-7 mins for like 3 seconds. This is the road leading to mohakhali flyover. The entire flyover is packed too.	1
If someone is planning to get out uttara towards Dhaka i will suggest not to rather ask people to come,if u really want to get out of uttara towards dhaka best of luck.	1
So much traffic in Jashimuddim road! Bad time to go to Uttara!	1
Traffic pretty much everywhere today.	1
It is heavily packed on prime ministers office road. Did not expect this much traffic.	1
Is there any serious issue tomorrow on the airport road(starting from dhanmondi)? I have a flight at 11am.	3
Stuck at Banani flyover. On the way to Banani from Bishwaroad.	1
On this auspicious occasion of Sheikh Kamal's 70th Birthday a Road block gifted to you all morning people traveling through Banani road 27(graveyard road) and surrounding.	1
If Possible Avoid Dhaka. Uttara-Airport.	1
Road blocked at Airport VVIP terminal point. 1 hour passed. Still counting.	1
What is the status of Uttara to Banani Road now? TIA for guidance.	3
Uttara Circular Bus.Is it available now? I have heared that the previous route changed to New Uttara 12 to Bisshoroad.Is it true?	3
As per tomorrow Awami League 70th establishment celebration roads will be high on jam and bus will be less as same last year. Good Luck for tomorrow.	5
Unusually thick traffic from Airport to Khilkhet. Add 20 minutes to your journey.	1
What's wrong in airport road today? Got stuck in front of airport for 20 minutes now.	3	
Planning on going to Dhanmondi from uttara now. Is that a terrible idea?	3
Plan accordingly as the PM will leave in the morning (around 7.30 to 8.30 I think).	5
Rajuk is preparing to break the BGMEA building. Vehicle movement may be interrupted!	5
Does anyone know if there will be a VIP movement within today and tomorrow? Cuz I saw some welcoming banners for the Bhutan PM on the airport road.	3
What's the condition of Gulshan 1 to airport road ?	3
Roads closed in front of Radisson (towards Banani) - Students protesting.	1
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
uttara to banani how is the traffic?	3
Uttara to Newmarket?	3
Accident at Airport Road. Green Dhaka bus hits the Allion and then it hits the Premio.	6
Dear kind people, need a real time update. My mother is done with her dialysis at United hospital, so will it be a good idea to start towards UTTARA with a patient?	3
Whats the current condition of airport road towards banani?	3
Cng's were not allowed to move beyond MES at that moment, but some public buses and motorcycles are moving beyond.	4
Any update please? Uttara to Mohakhali.	3
Avoid Uttara!	1
Traffic jam started from shewra towards banani.	1
What about the road condition toward airport?	3
Is there any protest going on in Uttara today?	3
Workers became violent today and as reported, there have been few clashes already between police & workers at Uttara, Mirpur-Kalshi and Savar area and protestors charged rods sticks to few private vehicles. Plan accordingly.	3
My friend and his family is stuck in Kuril for hours to come at Uttara. Is there any chance of resolving garments workers situation; if there is anyone near kindly state the situation.	3
Huge hortal going on at Uttara regarding ijtema by tablig people, stay safe people and avoid coming to Uttara for next couple of hours atleast.	4
Need to know the current situation of Banani to uttara. Public transport available or not?	3
Roads are clear towards Uttara. Mohakhali to Uttara jashimuddin in 30 minutes.	2
What's the condition of airport road?	3
Khilkhet footover bridge light traffic & available public transportation.	2 
Due to Coast guard meeting at Radisson Blue road is little packed in both sides.	1
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
Airport to Mohakhali, 15 minutes - Slight traffic in Banani signal Drive safe and have a good day!	2
Is there any Green Dhaka bus stop around house building/Syed grand center in Uttara?	9
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
What's the condition from mohakhali to Bashundhara at the current moment? Appreciate the help.	3
Location - khilkhet Road block towards uttara.	1
People travelling towards Uttara. Huge traffic to be taken into account. Lorry faced an accident at khilkhet.	6
Kuril Bissho road to khilkhet, moving very slowly. Plan your morning schedule accordingly.	1
What's happenning in the airport road? Trying to go to Uttara from Bashundhara, but the traffic is moving extremely slowly.	1
Situation from Banani towards Uttara right now?	3
Latest traffic update from Gulshan to Airport please.	3
Want to go to Uttara from Banani, Anyone know any update of the road condition? Any update will be greatly appreciated.	3
Stuck from Khilkhet towards Airport.	1
Is there still any blockade from Mirpur to Banani through Kalshi?	3
Is it possible to go to airport from bashundhara R/A now?	3
Anybody on the Gazipur to Mirpur route? How's the traffic now?	3
Anybody on the Banani to Uttara route?	3
From Khilkhet towards Mohakhali! No way to go! 30 minutes in the same position and suddenly some tortoise speed happens!	1
It took 2.5 hours to reach Chairmanbari from Airport!RIP DHAKA!	1
If you are planning to come towards Banani from Uttara before Iftar, don't. You will not make it in time.	1
Don't proceed to airport road!	1
Very hot and bad traffic time at MES.	1
Can anyone tell me why the flyover towards airport road is closed?	3
asking for Uttara 13 to Basundhara gate Bus route.Especially night time.	9
If Possible Avoid Dhaka Uttara-Airport.	1
Is Green Dhaka or any other seating bus available today from rampura to uttara?	9
Need to go Bashudha Residential Area from Uttara with full family. Your information will be appreciated Thanks.	3
Help requested: What is the current situation from Uttara to Notun Bazar?	3
Pls can anyone inform me uttara towards banani.	3
Such a colossal mess!Uttara "U loop" or should I say "bottle neck".	1 
Is there any protest going on in Uttara today?	3
2 hours and counting Uttara to Mohammadpur.	1	
Is it possible to go to khilkhet from Uttara?	3
Garments workers have blocked both sides of the Dhaka-Mymensingh highway. Good luck to anyone on this road. Hope you have your marathon shoes on.	1
Roads are clear towards Uttara.	2
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
What's the condition of airport road?	3
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
Everyday they block half of the road and create huge traffic in front of azompur agora building. no one cares, not even the community traffic police.	4
Is there any Green Dhaka bus stop around house building/Syed grand center in Uttara?Thanks in advance.	9
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
Kuril Bissho road to khilkhet, moving very slowly. Plan your morning schedule accordingly.	1
SUV hit a car and pushed it on top of road divider. Police is trying to clear up the traffic and solve the situation1:56pm location: Azampur, Uttara.	1
What is the condition from Maghbazar morr to Uttara?	3
Situation from Banani towards Uttara right now?	3
road conditions of uttara-gulshan?	3
Want to go to Uttara from Banani, Anyone know any update of the road condition? Any update will be greatly appreciated.	3
Please post about Road condition from Uttara to Airport with photo and time.	3
It took 2.5 hours to reach Chairmanbari from Airport!RIP DHAKA!	1
As far as i saw, 40 long vehicle standing from Mohakali to banani signal, caring new UN vehicles and tanks. Waiting to enter cantonment area. Thats why road is packed in that area.	1
The bay of Banani.	8
What's the road condition in Banani 11, and also roads near chairman bari?	3
Uttara to Banani what's the current status?	3
Please can anyone inform me uttara towards banani.	3
A lady police is on urgent duty due to huge traffic jam for City Mayor Election, tomorrow, in Banani overpass.	1
Any one can tell me what is happening in banani koborstan road . Near about 30 minutes stand on the road.	1
Will Banani and other DNCC polling areas be restricted for general traffic on the DNCC Election day? Will any of the private organization offices be closed in the area that day?	3
Stuck at Banani for more than 1 hour (towards Bijoy Sarani).	1
Don't leave your office today. Karwanbazar to Mohakhali rail gate.	1
Will it be safe to go to Banani today, around 4 or 5pm, near Chairman-bari?	3
They are protesting. Stuck in kakoli for last 1 hour.	1
Is there still any blockade from Mirpur to Banani through Kalshi?	3
Our Honourable PM will move towards Banani 11 around 6 P.M. Restrictions will continue till 8 P.M.	5
The Indian minister will visit Bangabandhu Memorial Museum on Dhanmondi-32 around 9:30am today and pay tributes to Father of the Nation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman by placing wreaths at his portrait there, an official told UNB.	5
Dhanmondi river.	8
Mirpur road, Dhanmondi totally blocked. 70 years achievement of BAL.	1
Mirpur 6 to Mazar Road to Beri Badh to Rayer Bazar to Dhanmondi = 45 minutes In light of today’s Mirpur Road disaster, not bad I’d say.	2
traffic at DIT Road, Rampura.	1
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
Uttara to Newmarket?	3
Any traffic update from Gulshan2 to Dhanmondi 27.	3
Dhaka city life is not a life without Traffic Jam. Heavy traffic at Mirpur Road.	1
What is the condition of roads from shatinogor to lalmatia?	3
Moghbazar-kawranbazar flyover. stuck for 10 mins.	1
Avoid dhanmondi new_market area as much as you can. if possible avoid Dhaka city until the election is taking place.	1
Mohakhali to Dhanmondi 27 — what is the current situation?	3
I have to get from Gulshan to Dhanmondi. Would it be wiser/safer to head out now, or later in the evening?	3
Any idea what’s wrong?Any protest or VIP movement?Stuck at same place for last 40 minutes.Started from motijheel at 6:20pm towards Dhanmondi. Now in front of railway bhaban!	3
Jhigatola River View!	8
Situation for last 15 minutes! Road is blocked in front of PM house! Try to avoid Mirpur Road (Sishu Mela to Asadgate).	1
Does anyone know if there will be a VIP movement within today and tomorrow? Cuz I saw some welcoming banners for the Bhutan PM on the airport road.	5
Stuck At Kawranbazar During VIP Movement. Almost 40min.	1 
Avoid Kawranbazar. PM is coming to Sonar Gaon. All linked road that relates to Kawranbazar is blocked. Best of Luck.	1
Avoid Karwan Bajar - Bijoy Sharoni area completely! Road Blocked at Elenbari.	1
PM movement towards Rajarbagh! Avoid the area if possible. Standing in the roads for more than an hour.No Uber No CNG No crossing the roads too.	1
Over 45 min in front of Pan Pacific Sonargaon. VIP movement. Probably President.	1
Stuck in Shyamoli towards Farmgate for half an hour. Anyone knows what is going on?	3
Any update from Savar to Dhanmondi ? Heard about some vip movements.	3	
What is the condition of roads from shatinogor to lalmatia?	3
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura?? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
Can anyone tell me the time of tomorrow's prime minister movement?	9
Badda uloop is about to open.Road will be block for 3 hour from both the side. Merul to middle badda.	5
VIP movement. Airport road and Banani.	1
Our Honourable PM will move towards Banani 11 around 6 P.M. Restrictions will continue till 8 P.M.	5
Is Bashundhara flooded already?	3
Basundhara Lake.	8
Can anyone please update what's happening on Kuril Flyover and 300-feet road entering Bashundhara?	3
What is the current situation from Uttara to Notun Bazar?	3
Would I have a problem travelling to ICCB from Gulshan today? Are roads blocked to ICCB as well?	3
Hi, i need to go to Indian embassy today at JFP. Could someone tell me about the protest and road conditions in Bashundhara?	3
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
Boshundhara Nordda students block road.	1
Long queue on Mogbazar flyover!	1
If your destination is Bashundhara R/A then avoid entering through 300 feet as both the entrances to Bashundhara are closed due to drainage construction causing huge traffic.	1
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura?? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
What's the condition of airport road?	3
What's the condition from bashundhara to gulshan 2?	3
What's the condition from mohakhali to Bashundhara at the current moment? Appreciate the help.	3
I just come Bashundhara to Mirpur, Road condition is quite good. But number of public bus is very less.	2
Is it permitted to drive this kind of "Electric Car" in Dhaka city? Informative feedback will be highly appreciated. Thanks in advance.	9
Can anyone please tell me what is the current situation in Chittagong Dhaka highway?	3
Today's traffic timelapse.Location: Bijoy Nagar.	1
Flooded by a rain of 20 mins. Waterlogged upto your knee. Movement of vehicle is very slow. Plan your roam accordingly if you are driving through this area.	8
What is the traffic and water situation around IDB Bhaban, Agargaon? Pls help with info and thanks.	3
Mirpur-10 to DU(dhaka university) experts and on route people, suggest the best route and which one to avoid, and whats the current condition?	3
New Market Water Park!	8
What's happening at Mohakhali flyover any idea?	3
Don't leave your office today.	1
Karwanbazar to Mohakhali rail gate Road is fully packed with traffic.	1
Is it safe to go from Gulshan 2 to Dhaka College with a private car?	3
What's the condition from bashundhara to gulshan 2?	3
Latest traffic update from Gulshan to Airport please.	3
What's the condition of Gulshan 1 & 2?	3
Avoid Niketan!	1
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
road conditions of uttara -gulshan??	3
Any update about road condition of Gulshan, Press club & Shilpokola Today.	3
Panthapath to Gulshan. Need to know the conditions of the roads.	3
Will visit Chondra (in Gazipur) on next Saturday. Will start from Uttara sometime in between 8:30 AM to 9:30 AM. Question: which will be wiser route to take on that day? Through Gazipur Chou-rasta? Or through Ashulia?	3
What a beautiful road without Traffic! Shongshod Bhabon area at 5:05 Pm.	2
Is it now mandatory to take trade fair's parking ticket if you want to take agri university road to reach Shyamoli? While investigating with authority (traffic police officers ), they told it is govt. rule to be followed. Can anyone confirm, Is there at all any such rule? Or just taking money to increase collection unnecessarily?	9
Stuck in Shyamoli towards Farmgate for half an hour. Anyone knows what is going on?	1
How is the traffic condition in gulshan 1?	3
if you are coming through mohakhali you will face traffic and there is also traffic in gulshan 1 signal as they are working on the road.	1
Horrible traffic in banani 11.	1
Does any one have any official news on why perfectly parked cars are getting fined? I mean I understand if a car causes infringment to traffic and causes more congestion to a particular road by the way.	9
I think today dhaka had the worst traffic seen in a long time all over this side of town gulshan/banani etc.	1
How's the road condition from Uttara to Dhanmondi? (Kakoli-Mohakhali flyover-Kawran Bazar-Panthapath route)	3
Her highness sheikh hasina will be visiting BTV station today for their 50th anniversary and they have shut down the entrance to hatirjheel from rampura already. Badda , rampura and surrounding areas a.	5
If you dont wanna die waiting avoid kakoli to palm view. mirpur fly over to palm view at any given cost. Toads and fly over fully packed. Vehicles still masranga to palm view.	1
Just came back from there. Total mess. Cars going the wrong way. Traffic police has shutdown the bishwa road to control the mess. Its no longer kakoli to golf garden.	1
Stuck in the airport for the last 30 mins. Anyone know whats going on?	3
Don't go to banani.	1
Shahbag signal to Sheraton signal 50 mins only. Plan your route accordingly.	1
Horrible traffic. Took me 45 mins to travel from kakoli to gulshan 2 circle.	1
How are the roads leading to Uttara today? Need to know urgently!	3
Just came back from Bashundhara, pretty much traffic free. Took me 15 minutes. A friend of mine's got back from PG hospital a while back it took them 2hrs.	2
How are roads from Dhanmondi to Airport?	3
Gulshan 1 to 2 filled with cars everywhere. But the traffic isn't that crazy as it seems!	2
Towards Gulshan 1 signal from Mohakhali. Traffic from bridge onwards after Brac INN. Constipation level - regular. The route is sumwhat usable. Right now.	2
Gulshan and Banani are clear of traffic. How are the roads in dhanmondi, uttara, mohammodpur, or wherever you are?	2
If you're heading towards Uttara, you're gonna face a bad traffic from radisson because of this!	1
Roads empty in shaath moshjid road in dhanmondi and other parts as well. The road in front of the parliament is also totally free. Bujoy sharoni is a bit packed though but moving traffic.	2
Stuck in traffic on top of Banani railcrossing for exactly last one hour!	1
Severe traffic jam from bisho road to airport!	1
Traffic from Kakoli signal has a tail upto Radisson Hotel ! Avoid this route if possible!	1
Gulshan to banani traffic is on avg. Bijoy sarani is fucked up as always.	1
Hartal on sunday. Monday morning will probably be facing a 'heavier' traffic.	5
Old airport road to mohahkali completely free. Then from there to Gulshan 1 through under the flyover has moving traffic but very little dhanmondi to Gulshan in 30 mins. (10 mins gas break) so basically in 20 mins. Good day to travel.	2
Literally walked from Nilkhet to Dhanmondi 27. The traffic condition here is absolutely inexplicable! Now headed towards Banani!	1
Gulshan to Shahbug is pretty friendly traffic wise from 3 pm to 5 pm weekdays.	2
Insane traffic in banani.	1
Severe Traffic Towards Banani Kakoli.	1
Asad gate traffic, mirpur road.	1
Still traffic jam mohakhali flyover.	1
Unbelievable traffic at pm office.	1
Terrible traffic at Airport Mohakhali Road. As a result traffic jam inside Baridhara DOHS.	1
Huge traffic towards Uttara.	1
Tejgaon towards mohakhali. huge traffic.	1
Banani flyover. Severe traffic near army stadium.	1
Slow moving traffic DL Filling Station, Uttara.	1
Traffic jam Hatirjheel towards Sonargaon Road.	1
Huge traffic on ringroad Mohammadpur.	1
Mohammadpur beribadh heavy traffic.	1
Endless traffic, heavy southbound, Navy Headquarters.	1
Heavy traffic mohakhali to banani.	1
Heavy traffic at banani.	1
unbearable traffic at mohakhali flyover.	1
Heavy traffic is paltan area.	1
Heavy traffic at Gulshan.	1
Banglamotor More. huge traffic.	1
(Rain +traffic) Fully stuck at kalshi road.	1
Very bad traffic in kakoli.	1
Farmgate moving traffic!	1
One week back traffic free Dhaka.	2
Massive traffic..uttara sector 10 onwards to tongi!	1
Stuck at Kornofuli Gardencity - Shantinagar.	1
Horrible traffic on Ashulia road. Stuck here for more than an hour; nothing is moving!	1
I eventually were able to take a u-turn and tried Gabtoli. Unfortunately that road was also closed due to PM's movement.	1
Eventually they opened the road and traffic came back to normal.	2
It is very difficult to stop pedestrians from crossing through traffic signals. We with insufficient police (4 thousand) try by announcing by mike, through awareness program etc. 47 thousand members of this group can play a vital role. One can stop other pedestrians.	4
Need a round Foot over bridge. In gulshan1 crossing.First of all we have to aware by ourselves .. otherwise possible na. Most of the time I saw pedestrian crosse the road when signal is on.	4
Crazy traffic from US embassy towards jamuna.	1
I suggest everyone in this group to use two way walkie talkie app. Use Dhaka location or 662167 as the frequency. Everyone give traffic updates on that channel and so people on that channel can be updated instantly. This is what Bangkok taxi drivers do always.	4
Where are the cars in Uttara to banani road ? Current time almost 9pm. For the very first time I am feeling like I am in Singapore now. I am not in Bangladesh.	4
Guys avoid Dhaka city.	4
This car is going through airport road blowing sirens and there is a kid in the front sit who is speaking in the loundspeaker and hitting buses around him with a stick!	4
PM will go to gulshan for open the CCTV traffic room.	5
Gulshan-1 Traffic. People are moving here and there stopping vehicle movement.	1
Breaking News For not allowing vehicles to Airport, Traffic jam near Khilkhet.	1
Worst Traffic Condition in Dhaka City i have ever seen. Dhaka Roads are stuck for hours. Please people dont get out.... Hell Dhaka.	1
Negligible traffic jam at Gulshan-1, Moghbazar-Mohakhali moderate. Pressure in VIP road.	1
Airport road traffic will be kept limited from Friday morning to Saturday morning due to the visit of China president in Dhaka.	5
Breaking News For examination in Vicarunnessa traffic jam is heavy nearby. Plz use VIP road to Shahbagh.	1
Traffic at its worst.	1
Heavy traffic at science lab.	1
PM reached her office, so hoping the traffic will slowly be normal!	2
Massive accident causes heavy traffic uttara airport road. 3 cars 2 cngs 1 bike.	6
Traffic jam Banani road 5.	1
No traffic on either side of the road in Gulshan.	2
huge traffic in jahangir gate.	1
Condition of Police plaza now. No traffic jam. We can say, our rope and two way moving at a time at Gulshan-1 works good.	1
There is no point of saying which road is free or which is jammed. Because every freaking roads in Dhaka are freaking blocked. Had to walk from Bijoy sharani till Banani. Screw this city.	1
Traffic halted at Kakoli Signal bothways This is at 10:20 am.	1
Unexplained traffic starting from Khilkhet towards Airport.	1
Follow traffic rules.	4
Anyone going from chittagong to dhaka today? How's the traffic?	3
Well disciplined traffic of dhanmondi.	1
Flyover with traffic signals.	1
Traffic is nothing but a major business for beggars, muggers, CNG & Oil pump company, Vehicle equipment supplier, Radio Station, mobile Operators, Some App users,Hawkers, Chapman's, Police etc.etc.	4
Oh that poor dog squad dude!! I think he is also pissed off about the heavy traffic over khamarbari area.	1
Avoid airport to banani 11. Huge traffic due to this. Fire on a car out of no where.	1
Moderate traffic asad gate.	1
My fellow taking full advantages of Traffic Jam after hactic day of Flights. Infront of PM Office.	1
Airport road now. heavy rain, but traffic is smooth.	2
Very unusual traffic condition of Gulshan Avenue.	1
Traffic Signal on Moghbazar-Mouchak flyover at Malibagh point.	1
Beware bikers ! Traffic sergeant is filing cases to bikers using footpath! Good job Sir! Location - Bijoy Soroni Time- 9.07 am.	4
Every year we suffer two times due to iztima traffic/diversion. How will you feel if someone try to be funny with iztima traffic?haven't notice any bad comment from any community.	4
Army, navy, BAF, BD police all controlling traffic together. Rare footage near bangla motor!! Joy poper joy!!! Mr worldwide.	4 
Bumper to bumper traffic from dainikbangla to baitul mukkarram. Please avoid this road if possible.	1
Update on traffic from Banani to Asad gate please?	3
Mohakhali Flyover to Airport. Bad Traffic.	1
The traffic is caused by unnecessary check posts. Good for nothing.	1
Late post Huge traffic from kaola to shaora reason people using Zebra crossing.	1
Airport to Mohakhali - 15 minutes - Slight traffic in Banani signal Drive safe and have a good day!	2
There's no traffic in the sky Friday afternoon sky of Dhaka!	2
Stuck in traffic but no annoying sound of horns.	1
Does anyone know the status of Mawa ferry ghat? Is the ferry service running?	3
No traffic... Welcome to Uttara.	2
Banani to uttara huge traffic jam right now .. And she is the only one who is enjoying it.	1
Do not be angry with the rain. Because of gravity it simply even can't try to fall upwards. Still no stagnant water, no traffic congestion near Radisson.	2
Horrendous traffic going towards Banani from Uttara! Time: 9.50am.	1
The only way to get to office on time is to start early in this city. Otherwise, you will always get stuck in traffic.	4
Traffic caused due to rally. Location Farmgate.	1
Crazy traffic jam at New Elephant Road(Science Lab).	1
Dhaka Chittagong highway no traffic [weather romantic].	2
Sergeants are checking papers inside the Pump. (Cars mostly) Be careful!	4
Unexpected November rain has arrived on late October !!! Dhaka traffic suffering will cross the limit!!!	5
Slowly moving traffic towards Banani.	1
Traffic jam from khilkhet to banani. Brace yourself people.	1
Such electoral campaign might cause some traffic hazzard don't you think?	5
Small incident at Khilkhet bus stand. Expect some slow traffic. No injury.	1
High traffic alert just before Abul hotel intersection coming from malibag rail gate. Reason someone drops high level of sand and as a result one lane is completely closed.	1
Traffic in uttara ?	3
I have to catch an international flight tomorrow at 7.05 am in the morning. I live in Mohammadpur. I was planning to start at 4. 4 am in the morning. Do you think traffic conditions will be affected at that hour due to Iztema? Need some advices here.	3
Very unsafe! In airport road.	1
Dangerous accident happened in Dhaka-Mawa highway. Ride safely.	6
Accident in Banani flyover. Drive safely.	6
Back to back accident in Dhaka Mawa high way.	6
i went last week One accident was due to bike not maintaining safe distance from bike infront of it The other was due to people running across the highway.	6
A terrible accident stay safe and drive safely guys!	6
Today another Probox car also got accident in Between both meghana and gomtee bridges.	6
Horrible accident between a covered van and bus in front of Bhawal national park. Stay safe.	6
Accident near Meghna Bridge. But police has cleared the road. no jam occured. Go safely.	6
City center and doinik bangla road is off. Due to the accident of Metro rail construction.	6
Bike accident in front of Army stadium. Stay safe!	6
4 cars accident on top of mohakhali flyover! Traffic jam.	6
Airport road update after accident.	6
Accident at airport road from kawla towards airport.	6
Try to avoid 300_feet_road There was an accident for that reason almost stuck above 2km of road.	6
Traffic law breaker.this is how we committed accident and bring disaster for others.we must stop doing this.	6
Accident on Mohakhali Flyover, expect heavy traffic Time: 1241 PM.	6
Accident In Shamoly.	6
At Purbachal 300 ft (don't know the time of accident but the car is still there).	6
Avoid Kalshi.	1
May Allah keep everyone safe 8 February, 3:40 am Fire at Korail, Banani.	7
fire at korail bosti.	7
Fire Alert! Banani Road 27. Opposite to Banani Graveyard. Time 2:57 PM.	7
Again Fire Please avoid this road.	7
Fire at kalshi slum Beware guys.	7
that's a huge fire.	7
Korail bosti fire.	7
Fire in Karail Basti at 3:49 Am.	7
Fire occured at gulshan.	7
Again massive fire at Kawran Bazar Kachabazar! Please pray for everyone.	7
Mirpur Rupnagar slum fire, everyone please plan accordingly.	7
Fire beside the AIUB University building, Banani.	7
Fire at Gulshan Silver tower.	7
Fire outbreak again. A bus caught fire this time. At Bashundhara R/A.	7
Fire in Banani.	7
Bus on fire.	7
Fire Alert kamal ataturk avenue.	7
Fire in FR Tower, Banani.	7
What is the current condition of Bijoy Sharani road? Has the fire been stopped?	3
it was an accident or did anyone/protesters set fire on that car?	3
Fire at Drug International, station road, tongi. The building is under construction.	7
Fire break out at Shewrapara. Avoid that route.	7
Avoid Banani Kamal Ataturk Avenue road.	7
Flash flood maybe? (motijheel).	8
Secretariat under high flood.	8
Bashundhara R/A Completely flooded as expected.	8
Right now in Mohamedan club. Casino is being flooded.	8	
Sudden Flood at East Rajabazar. 1:00pm.	8
Avoid Kalshi. it's all flooded.	8
Most of the places in Dhaka is flooded. why does everyone always say Bashundhara Residential Area is flooded.	8
What's the flood situation at bashundhora R/A?	3
Any flooding in Bashundhara R/A? Thanks in Advance.	3
Road condition of Gazipur-Konabari Bypass.	3
Bashundhara always a nightmare when it rains.	8
Bashundhara is a part of flood water retaining area, so it may happen!	8
It's flooded all the way Mirpur 10 to Shawrapara.	8
flood, bus stops increase in rain, car break downs etc etc. thats what keepin u waiting.	5
Avoid Bashundhara R/A if possible. The water level is kinda ok if you have a car, but people are driving like maniacs. Oncoming traffic drove so fast, my car literally went underwater for a few moments.	8
Current update of Bashundhara R/A?	3
What's the current situation of dhanmondi27?	3
The road divider opposite GP house has fallen over in water. That Noah is stuck on it. Take precautions if possible.	8
Huge Traffic at Rajarbagh.	1
Mohakhali DOHS to Gulshan DCC-1 Badly need to go there.. what is the condition of there?	3