Airport road stand still traffic . Traffic from Science Lab Signal has a long tail upto Dhanmondi 27 !	1
Avoid mirpur road!	1
I just came to Miprur 1 all the way from Newmarket. Traffic on the other side of Mirpur Road was stand still upto 27no!	1
Severe traffic in Gulshan mainly from Gulshan 1- Gulshan 2 main road.	1	
i was stuck in traffic today for so long that i lost track of time on American embassy road to gulsan-2	1
Gulshan-2 to Gulshan-1 is almost empty. slight traffic at the circles though because of us amazing citizens not following the traffic lights!	2
Gulshan and Banani both are pretty clear of traffic.	2
There is no meaning to this jam. The car moves after every 5-7 mins for like 3 seconds. This is the road leading to mohakhali flyover. The entire flyover is packed too.	1
If someone is planning to get out uttara towards Dhaka i will suggest not to rather ask people to come,if u really want to get out of uttara towards dhaka best of luck.	1
So much traffic in Jashimuddim road! Bad time to go to Uttara!	1
Traffic pretty much everywhere today.	1
It is heavily packed on prime ministers office road. Did not expect this much traffic.	1
Is there any serious issue tomorrow on the airport road(starting from dhanmondi)? I have a flight at 11am.	3
Stuck at Banani flyover. On the way to Banani from Bishwaroad.	1
On this auspicious occasion of Sheikh Kamal's 70th Birthday a Road block gifted to you all morning people traveling through Banani road 27(graveyard road) and surrounding.	1
If Possible Avoid Dhaka. Uttara-Airport.	1
Road blocked at Airport VVIP terminal point. 1 hour passed. Still counting.	1
What is the status of Uttara to Banani Road now? TIA for guidance.	3
Uttara Circular Bus.Is it available now? I have heared that the previous route changed to New Uttara 12 to Bisshoroad.Is it true?	3
As per tomorrow Awami League 70th establishment celebration roads will be high on jam and bus will be less as same last year.	1
Unusually thick traffic from Airport to Khilkhet. Add 20 minutes to your journey.	1
What's wrong in airport road today? Got stuck in front of airport for 20 minutes now.	3
Planning on going to Dhanmondi from uttara now. Is that a terrible idea?	3
Plan accordingly as the PM will leave in the morning (around 7.30 to 8.30 I think).	1
Rajuk is preparing to break the BGMEA building. Vehicle movement may be interrupted!	1
Does anyone know if there will be a VIP movement within today and tomorrow? Cuz I saw some welcoming banners for the Bhutan PM on the airport road.	3
What's the condition of Gulshan 1 to airport road ?	3
Roads closed in front of Radisson (towards Banani) - Students protesting.	1
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
uttara to banani how is the traffic?	3
Uttara to Newmarket?	3
Accident at Airport Road. Green Dhaka bus hits the Allion and then it hits the Premio.	6
Dear kind people, need a real time update. My mother is done with her dialysis at United hospital, so will it be a good idea to start towards UTTARA with a patient?	3
Whats the current condition of airport road towards banani?	3
Any update please? Uttara to Mohakhali.	3
Avoid Uttara!	1
Traffic jam started from shewra towards banani.	1
What about the road condition toward airport?	3
Is there any protest going on in Uttara today?	3
Workers became violent today and as reported, there have been few clashes already between police & workers at Uttara, Mirpur-Kalshi and Savar area and protestors charged rods sticks to few private vehicles. Plan accordingly.	3
My friend and his family is stuck in Kuril for hours to come at Uttara. Is there any chance of resolving garments workers situation; if there is anyone near kindly state the situation.	3
Need to know the current situation of Banani to uttara. Public transport available or not?	3
Roads are clear towards Uttara. Mohakhali to Uttara jashimuddin in 30 minutes.	2
What's the condition of airport road?	3
Khilkhet footover bridge light traffic & available public transportation.	2
Due to Coast guard meeting at Radisson Blue road is little packed in both sides.	1
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
Airport to Mohakhali, 15 minutes - Slight traffic in Banani signal Drive safe and have a good day!	2
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
What's the condition from mohakhali to Bashundhara at the current moment? Appreciate the help.	3
Location - khilkhet Road block towards uttara.	1
People travelling towards Uttara. Huge traffic to be taken into account. Lorry faced an accident at khilkhet.	6
Kuril Bissho road to khilkhet, moving very slowly. Plan your morning schedule accordingly.	1
What's happenning in the airport road? Trying to go to Uttara from Bashundhara, but the traffic is moving extremely slowly.	1
Situation from Banani towards Uttara right now?	3
Latest traffic update from Gulshan to Airport please.	3
Want to go to Uttara from Banani, Anyone know any update of the road condition? Any update will be greatly appreciated.	3
Stuck from Khilkhet towards Airport.	1
Is there still any blockade from Mirpur to Banani through Kalshi?	3
Is it possible to go to airport from bashundhara R/A now?	3
Anybody on the Gazipur to Mirpur route? How's the traffic now?	3
Anybody on the Banani to Uttara route?	3
From Khilkhet towards Mohakhali! No way to go! 30 minutes in the same position and suddenly some tortoise speed happens!	1
It took 2.5 hours to reach Chairmanbari from Airport!RIP DHAKA!	1
If you are planning to come towards Banani from Uttara before Iftar, don't. You will not make it in time.	1
Don't proceed to airport road!	1
Very hot and bad traffic time at MES.	1
Can anyone tell me why the flyover towards airport road is closed?	3
If Possible Avoid Dhaka Uttara-Airport.	1
Need to go Bashudha Residential Area from Uttara with full family. Your information will be appreciated Thanks.	3
Help requested: What is the current situation from Uttara to Notun Bazar?	3
Pls can anyone inform me uttara towards banani.	3
Such a colossal mess!Uttara "U loop" or should I say "bottle neck".	1
Is there any protest going on in Uttara today?	3
2 hours and counting Uttara to Mohammadpur.	1
Is it possible to go to khilkhet from Uttara?	3
Garments workers have blocked both sides of the Dhaka-Mymensingh highway. Good luck to anyone on this road. Hope you have your marathon shoes on.	1
Roads are clear towards Uttara.	2
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
What's the condition of airport road?	3
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
Kuril Bissho road to khilkhet, moving very slowly. Plan your morning schedule accordingly.	1
SUV hit a car and pushed it on top of road divider. Police is trying to clear up the traffic and solve the situation1:56pm location: Azampur, Uttara.	1
What is the condition from Maghbazar morr to Uttara?	3
Situation from Banani towards Uttara right now?	3
road conditions of uttara-gulshan?	3
Want to go to Uttara from Banani, Anyone know any update of the road condition? Any update will be greatly appreciated.	3
Please post about Road condition from Uttara to Airport with photo and time.	3
It took 2.5 hours to reach Chairmanbari from Airport!RIP DHAKA!	1
As far as i saw, 40 long vehicle standing from Mohakali to banani signal, caring new UN vehicles and tanks. Waiting to enter cantonment area. Thats why road is packed in that area.	1
What's the road condition in Banani 11, and also roads near chairman bari?	3
Uttara to Banani what's the current status?	3
Please can anyone inform me uttara towards banani.	3
A lady police is on urgent duty due to huge traffic jam for City Mayor Election, tomorrow, in Banani overpass.	1
Any one can tell me what is happening in banani koborstan road . Near about 30 minutes stand on the road.	1
Will Banani and other DNCC polling areas be restricted for general traffic on the DNCC Election day? Will any of the private organization offices be closed in the area that day?	3
Stuck at Banani for more than 1 hour (towards Bijoy Sarani).	1
Don't leave your office today. Karwanbazar to Mohakhali rail gate.	1
Will it be safe to go to Banani today, around 4 or 5pm, near Chairman-bari?	3
They are protesting. Stuck in kakoli for last 1 hour.	1
Is there still any blockade from Mirpur to Banani through Kalshi?	3
Our Honourable PM will move towards Banani 11 around 6 P.M. Restrictions will continue till 8 P.M.	1
The Indian minister will visit Bangabandhu Memorial Museum on Dhanmondi-32 around 9:30am today and pay tributes to Father of the Nation Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujibur Rahman by placing wreaths at his portrait there, an official told UNB.	1
Mirpur road, Dhanmondi totally blocked. 70 years achievement of BAL.	1
Mirpur 6 to Mazar Road to Beri Badh to Rayer Bazar to Dhanmondi = 45 minutes In light of today’s Mirpur Road disaster, not bad I’d say.	2
traffic at DIT Road, Rampura.	1
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
Uttara to Newmarket?	3
Any traffic update from Gulshan2 to Dhanmondi 27.	3
Dhaka city life is not a life without Traffic Jam. Heavy traffic at Mirpur Road.	1
What is the condition of roads from shatinogor to lalmatia?	3
Moghbazar-kawranbazar flyover. stuck for 10 mins.	1
Avoid dhanmondi new_market area as much as you can. if possible avoid Dhaka city until the election is taking place.	1
Mohakhali to Dhanmondi 27 — what is the current situation?	3
I have to get from Gulshan to Dhanmondi. Would it be wiser/safer to head out now, or later in the evening?	3
Any idea what’s wrong?Any protest or VIP movement?Stuck at same place for last 40 minutes.Started from motijheel at 6:20pm towards Dhanmondi. Now in front of railway bhaban!	3
Situation for last 15 minutes! Road is blocked in front of PM house! Try to avoid Mirpur Road (Sishu Mela to Asadgate).	1
Does anyone know if there will be a VIP movement within today and tomorrow? Cuz I saw some welcoming banners for the Bhutan PM on the airport road.	1
Stuck At Kawranbazar During VIP Movement. Almost 40min.	1
Avoid Kawranbazar. PM is coming to Sonar Gaon. All linked road that relates to Kawranbazar is blocked. Best of Luck.	1
Avoid Karwan Bajar - Bijoy Sharoni area completely! Road Blocked at Elenbari.	1
PM movement towards Rajarbagh! Avoid the area if possible. Standing in the roads for more than an hour.No Uber No CNG No crossing the roads too.	1
Over 45 min in front of Pan Pacific Sonargaon. VIP movement. Probably President.	1
Stuck in Shyamoli towards Farmgate for half an hour. Anyone knows what is going on?	3
Any update from Savar to Dhanmondi ? Heard about some vip movements.	3
What is the condition of roads from shatinogor to lalmatia?	3
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura?? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
Kuril to Uttara, whats the status of traffic?	3
Can anyone tell me the time of tomorrow's prime minister movement?	3
Badda uloop is about to open.Road will be block for 3 hour from both the side. Merul to middle badda.	1
VIP movement. Airport road and Banani.	1
Our Honourable PM will move towards Banani 11 around 6 P.M. Restrictions will continue till 8 P.M.	1
Is Bashundhara flooded already?	3
Can anyone please update what's happening on Kuril Flyover and 300-feet road entering Bashundhara?	3
What is the current situation from Uttara to Notun Bazar?	3
Would I have a problem travelling to ICCB from Gulshan today? Are roads blocked to ICCB as well?	3
Hi, i need to go to Indian embassy today at JFP. Could someone tell me about the protest and road conditions in Bashundhara?	3
On my way to Dhanmondi from Badda, what would be the best route now?	3
Boshundhara Nordda students block road.	1
Long queue on Mogbazar flyover!	1
If your destination is Bashundhara R/A then avoid entering through 300 feet as both the entrances to Bashundhara are closed due to drainage construction causing huge traffic.	1
What is the road conditions from Uttara to Rampura?? If I go out from uttara at 1 pm and come back from rampura at 5 pm should it be any transport problem?	3
What's the condition of airport road?	3
What's the condition from bashundhara to gulshan 2?	3
What's the condition from mohakhali to Bashundhara at the current moment? Appreciate the help.	3
I just come Bashundhara to Mirpur, Road condition is quite good. But number of public bus is very less.	2
Can anyone please tell me what is the current situation in Chittagong Dhaka highway?	3
Today's traffic timelapse.Location: Bijoy Nagar.	1
Flooded by a rain of 20 mins. Waterlogged upto your knee. Movement of vehicle is very slow. Plan your roam accordingly if you are driving through this area.	1
What is the traffic and water situation around IDB Bhaban, Agargaon? Pls help with info and thanks.	3
Mirpur-10 to DU(dhaka university) experts and on route people, suggest the best route and which one to avoid, and whats the current condition?	3
What's happening at Mohakhali flyover any idea?	3
Don't leave your office today.	1
Karwanbazar to Mohakhali rail gate Road is fully packed with traffic.	1
Is it safe to go from Gulshan 2 to Dhaka College with a private car?	3
What's the condition from bashundhara to gulshan 2?	3
Latest traffic update from Gulshan to Airport please.	3
What's the condition of Gulshan 1 & 2?	3
Avoid Niketan!	1
uttara to Gulshan. Any Updates?	3
road conditions of uttara -gulshan??	3
Any update about road condition of Gulshan, Press club & Shilpokola Today.	3
Panthapath to Gulshan. Need to know the conditions of the roads.	3
Will visit Chondra (in Gazipur) on next Saturday. Will start from Uttara sometime in between 8:30 AM to 9:30 AM. Question: which will be wiser route to take on that day? Through Gazipur Chou-rasta? Or through Ashulia?	3
What a beautiful road without Traffic! Shongshod Bhabon area at 5:05 Pm.	2
Stuck in Shyamoli towards Farmgate for half an hour. Anyone knows what is going on?	1
How is the traffic condition in gulshan 1?	3
if you are coming through mohakhali you will face traffic and there is also traffic in gulshan 1 signal as they are working on the road.	1
Horrible traffic in banani 11.	1
I think today dhaka had the worst traffic seen in a long time all over this side of town gulshan/banani etc.	1
How's the road condition from Uttara to Dhanmondi? (Kakoli-Mohakhali flyover-Kawran Bazar-Panthapath route)	3
Her highness sheikh hasina will be visiting BTV station today for their 50th anniversary and they have shut down the entrance to hatirjheel from rampura already. Badda , rampura and surrounding areas a.	1
If you dont wanna die waiting avoid kakoli to palm view. mirpur fly over to palm view at any given cost. Toads and fly over fully packed. Vehicles still masranga to palm view.	1
Just came back from there. Total mess. Cars going the wrong way. Traffic police has shutdown the bishwa road to control the mess. Its no longer kakoli to golf garden.	1
Stuck in the airport for the last 30 mins. Anyone know whats going on?	3
Don't go to banani.	1
Shahbag signal to Sheraton signal 50 mins only. Plan your route accordingly.	1
Horrible traffic. Took me 45 mins to travel from kakoli to gulshan 2 circle.	1
How are the roads leading to Uttara today? Need to know urgently!	3
Just came back from Bashundhara, pretty much traffic free. Took me 15 minutes.	2
How are roads from Dhanmondi to Airport?	3
Gulshan 1 to 2 filled with cars everywhere. But the traffic isn't that crazy as it seems!	2
Traffic from bridge onwards after Brac INN. Constipation level - regular. The route is sumwhat usable. Right now.	2
Gulshan and Banani are clear of traffic.	2
How are the roads in dhanmondi, uttara, mohammodpur?	3
If you're heading towards Uttara, you're gonna face a bad traffic from radisson because of this!	1
Roads empty in shaath moshjid road in dhanmondi and other parts as well. The road in front of the parliament is also totally free. Bujoy sharoni is a bit packed though but moving traffic.	2
Stuck in traffic on top of Banani railcrossing for exactly last one hour!	1
Severe traffic jam from bisho road to airport!	1
Traffic from Kakoli signal has a tail upto Radisson Hotel ! Avoid this route if possible!	1
Gulshan to banani traffic is on avg. Bijoy sarani is fucked up as always.	1
Hartal on sunday. Monday morning will probably be facing a 'heavier' traffic.	1
Old airport road to mohahkali completely free.	2
Literally walked from Nilkhet to Dhanmondi 27. The traffic condition here is absolutely inexplicable! Now headed towards Banani!	1
Gulshan to Shahbug is pretty friendly traffic wise from 3 pm to 5 pm weekdays.	2
Insane traffic in banani.	1
Severe Traffic Towards Banani Kakoli.	1
Asad gate traffic, mirpur road.	1
Still traffic jam mohakhali flyover.	1
Unbelievable traffic at pm office.	1
Terrible traffic at Airport Mohakhali Road. As a result traffic jam inside Baridhara DOHS.	1
Huge traffic towards Uttara.	1
Tejgaon towards mohakhali. huge traffic.	1
Banani flyover. Severe traffic near army stadium.	1
Slow moving traffic DL Filling Station, Uttara.	1
Traffic jam Hatirjheel towards Sonargaon Road.	1
Huge traffic on ringroad Mohammadpur.	1
Mohammadpur beribadh heavy traffic.	1
Endless traffic, heavy southbound, Navy Headquarters.	1
Heavy traffic mohakhali to banani.	1
Heavy traffic at banani.	1
unbearable traffic at mohakhali flyover.	1
Heavy traffic is paltan area.	1
Heavy traffic at Gulshan.	1
Banglamotor More. huge traffic.	1
(Rain +traffic) Fully stuck at kalshi road.	1
Very bad traffic in kakoli.	1
Farmgate moving traffic!	1
One week back traffic free Dhaka.	2
Massive traffic..uttara sector 10 onwards to tongi!	1
Stuck at Kornofuli Gardencity - Shantinagar.	1
Horrible traffic on Ashulia road. Stuck here for more than an hour; nothing is moving!	1
I eventually were able to take a u-turn and tried Gabtoli. Unfortunately that road was also closed due to PM's movement.	1
Eventually they opened the road and traffic came back to normal.	2
Crazy traffic from US embassy towards jamuna.	1
Where are the cars in Uttara to banani road?	3
Guys avoid Dhaka city.	1
PM will go to gulshan for open the CCTV traffic room.	1
Gulshan-1 Traffic. People are moving here and there stopping vehicle movement.	1
Breaking News For not allowing vehicles to Airport, Traffic jam near Khilkhet.	1
Worst Traffic Condition in Dhaka City i have ever seen. Dhaka Roads are stuck for hours. Please people dont get out.... Hell Dhaka.	1
Negligible traffic jam at Gulshan-1, Moghbazar-Mohakhali moderate. Pressure in VIP road.	1
Airport road traffic will be kept limited from Friday morning to Saturday morning due to the visit of China president in Dhaka.	1
Breaking News For examination in Vicarunnessa traffic jam is heavy nearby. Plz use VIP road to Shahbagh.	1
Traffic at its worst.	1
Heavy traffic at science lab.	1
PM reached her office, so hoping the traffic will slowly be normal!	2
Massive accident causes heavy traffic uttara airport road. 3 cars 2 cngs 1 bike.	6
Traffic jam Banani road 5.	1
No traffic on either side of the road in Gulshan.	2
huge traffic in jahangir gate.	1
Condition of Police plaza now. No traffic jam. We can say, our rope and two way moving at a time at Gulshan-1 works good.	1
There is no point of saying which road is free or which is jammed. Because every freaking roads in Dhaka are freaking blocked. Had to walk from Bijoy sharani till Banani. Screw this city.	1
Traffic halted at Kakoli Signal bothways This is at 10:20 am.	1
Unexplained traffic starting from Khilkhet towards Airport.	1
Anyone going from chittagong to dhaka today? How's the traffic?	3
Well disciplined traffic of dhanmondi.	1
Flyover with traffic signals.	1
Oh that poor dog squad dude!! I think he is also pissed off about the heavy traffic over khamarbari area.	1
Avoid airport to banani 11. Huge traffic due to this. Fire on a car out of no where.	1
Moderate traffic asad gate.	1
My fellow taking full advantages of Traffic Jam after hactic day of Flights. Infront of PM Office.	1
Airport road now. heavy rain, but traffic is smooth.	2
Very unusual traffic condition of Gulshan Avenue.	1
Traffic Signal on Moghbazar-Mouchak flyover at Malibagh point.	1
Bumper to bumper traffic from dainikbangla to baitul mukkarram. Please avoid this road if possible.	1
Update on traffic from Banani to Asad gate please?	3
Mohakhali Flyover to Airport. Bad Traffic.	1
The traffic is caused by unnecessary check posts. Good for nothing.	1
Late post Huge traffic from kaola to shaora reason people using Zebra crossing.	1
Airport to Mohakhali - 15 minutes - Slight traffic in Banani signal Drive safe and have a good day!	2
There's no traffic in the sky Friday afternoon sky of Dhaka!	2
Stuck in traffic but no annoying sound of horns.	1
Does anyone know the status of Mawa ferry ghat? Is the ferry service running?	3
No traffic... Welcome to Uttara.	2
Banani to uttara huge traffic jam right now .. And she is the only one who is enjoying it.	1
Do not be angry with the rain. Because of gravity it simply even can't try to fall upwards. Still no stagnant water, no traffic congestion near Radisson.	2
Horrendous traffic going towards Banani from Uttara! Time: 9.50am.	1
Traffic caused due to rally. Location Farmgate.	1
Crazy traffic jam at New Elephant Road(Science Lab).	1
Dhaka Chittagong highway no traffic [weather romantic].	2
Slowly moving traffic towards Banani.	1
Traffic jam from khilkhet to banani. Brace yourself people.	1
Such electoral campaign might cause some traffic hazzard don't you think?	1
Small incident at Khilkhet bus stand. Expect some slow traffic. No injury.	1
High traffic alert just before Abul hotel intersection coming from malibag rail gate. Reason someone drops high level of sand and as a result one lane is completely closed.	1
Traffic in uttara?	3
Do you think traffic conditions will be affected at that hour due to Iztema? Need some advices here.	3
Very unsafe! In airport road.	1
Dangerous accident happened in Dhaka-Mawa highway. Ride safely.	6
Accident in Banani flyover. Drive safely.	6
Back to back accident in Dhaka Mawa high way.	6
I went last week One accident was due to bike not maintaining safe distance from bike infront of it The other was due to people running across the highway.	6
A terrible accident stay safe and drive safely guys!	6
Today another Probox car also got accident in Between both meghana and gomtee bridges.	6
Horrible accident between a covered van and bus in front of Bhawal national park. Stay safe.	6
Accident near Meghna Bridge. But police has cleared the road. no jam occured. Go safely.	6
City center and doinik bangla road is off. Due to the accident of Metro rail construction.	6
Bike accident in front of Army stadium. Stay safe!	6
4 cars accident on top of mohakhali flyover! Traffic jam.	6
Airport road update after accident.	6
Accident at airport road from kawla towards airport.	6
Try to avoid 300_feet_road There was an accident for that reason almost stuck above 2km of road.	6
Traffic law breaker.this is how we committed accident and bring disaster for others.we must stop doing this.	6
Accident on Mohakhali Flyover, expect heavy traffic Time: 1241 PM.	6
Accident In Shamoly.	6
At Purbachal 300 ft (don't know the time of accident but the car is still there).	6
Avoid Kalshi.	1
May Allah keep everyone safe 8 February, 3:40 am Fire at Korail, Banani.	7
fire at korail bosti.	7
Fire Alert! Banani Road 27. Opposite to Banani Graveyard. Time 2:57 PM.	7
Again Fire Please avoid this road.	7
Fire at kalshi slum Beware guys.	7
that's a huge fire.	7
Korail bosti fire.	7
Fire in Karail Basti at 3:49 Am.	7
Fire occured at gulshan.	7
Again massive fire at Kawran Bazar Kachabazar! Please pray for everyone.	7
Mirpur Rupnagar slum fire, everyone please plan accordingly.	7
Fire beside the AIUB University building, Banani.	7
Fire at Gulshan Silver tower.	7
Fire outbreak again. A bus caught fire this time. At Bashundhara R/A.	7
Fire in Banani.	7
Bus on fire.	7
Fire Alert kamal ataturk avenue.	7
Fire in FR Tower, Banani.	7
What is the current condition of Bijoy Sharani road? Has the fire been stopped?	3
it was an accident or did anyone/protesters set fire on that car?	3
Fire at Drug International, station road, tongi. The building is under construction.	7
Fire break out at Shewrapara. Avoid that route.	7
Avoid Banani Kamal Ataturk Avenue road.	7
What's the flood situation at bashundhora R/A?	3
Any flooding in Bashundhara R/A? Thanks in Advance.	3
Road condition of Gazipur-Konabari Bypass.	3
Current update of Bashundhara R/A?	3
What's the current situation of dhanmondi27?	3
Huge Traffic at Rajarbagh.	1
Mohakhali DOHS to Gulshan DCC-1 Badly need to go there.. what is the condition of there?	3
Accident infront of PM office.	6
Stuck in shaink club.	1
গুলিস্তান থেকে নারায়ণগঞ্জের লাস্ট বাস কখন ছাড়ে কেউ বলতে পারবেন?	3
ধানমন্ডি থেকে মিরপুর DOHS যাওয়ার বেস্ট ওয়ে কোনটা? পাবলিক ট্রান্সপোর্টে। ধন্যবাদ।	3
মিরপুর শেওড়াপাড়া হইতে মিরপুর 10 নম্বর অভিমুখী রাস্তায় তীব্র জ্যাম। 	3
Cantonment r Road open? Want to go to gulshan.	3
টেকনিকেল এ কি রাসতা বন্ধ আজকে? গার্মেন্টস আন্দোলন হচ্ছে শুনলাম। 	3
Can anyone tell me what is the current situation of the road from Dhaka cantonment to Uttara?	3
মিরপুর বাঁধের রাস্তা দিয়ে কি উত্তরা দিয়াবারি এলাকায় যাওয়া যাবে?	3
এয়ারপোর্ট রোডে কি হলো কেউ কি জানেন?	3
এই মুহূর্তে এয়ারপোর্ট -উত্তরা যাওয়ার রাস্তা বন্ধ।	1
উত্তরা থেকে এয়ারপোর্ট পুরোপুরি ব্লক, অটোরিকশার ড্রাইভার দের আন্দোলন।	1
আবদুল্লাহ পুর থেকে এয়ারপোট পর্যন্ত রাস্তা পুরা ব্লক ,কি হয়েছে ?	3
No traffic jam.	2
You can drive freely.	2
Move freely.	2
বিমানবন্দর সড়ক স্ট্যান্ড এখনও ট্রাফিক?	3
গুলশান ও বনানী দুজনেই  ট্র্যাফিকের ব্যাপারে বেশ পরিষ্কার	2
জশিমুদ্দিম সড়কে এত যানজট!	1
ট্র্যাফিক প্রায় সব জায়গায়।	1
এটি প্রধানমন্ত্রীর অফিসের রাস্তায় ভারী জ্যাম এতটা ট্র্যাফিক এটিএম আশা করেননি	1
বনানী ফ্লাইওভারে আটকে আছে।	1
বিমানবন্দর ভিভিআইপি টার্মিনাল পয়েন্টে রাস্তা অবরোধ করা হয়েছে।	1
উত্তরা থেকে বনানী রোডের এখন কী অবস্থা?	3
বিমানবন্দর থেকে খিলক্ষেত যাওয়ার জন্য অস্বাভাবিক ঘন ট্র্যাফিক।	1
আজ বিমানবন্দরের রাস্তায় কী সমস্যা? এখন .২০ মিনিটের জন্য বিমানবন্দরের সামনে আটকা পড়েছেন।	3
গুলশান ১ থেকে বিমানবন্দর সড়কের অবস্থা কী ?	3
র‌্যাডিসনের (বনানীর দিকে) সামনে রাস্তা বন্ধ - শিক্ষার্থীরা বিক্ষোভ করছে	1
উত্তরা থেকে বনানীর ট্র্যাফিক কেমন ?	3
উত্তরা থেকে নিউমার্কেট ?	3
বিমানবন্দর রোডে দুর্ঘটনা।	6
শেওড়া থেকে বনানীর দিকে যাত্রা শুরু ট্রাফিক জ্যাম। 	1
বিমানবন্দরের দিকে রাস্তার অবস্থা সম্পর্কে কী ?	3
উত্তরার দিকে রাস্তা পরিষ্কার। মহাখালী থেকে উত্তরা জশিমুদ্দিন ৩০ মিনিটে।	2
বিমানবন্দর সড়কের অবস্থা কী ?	3
হালকা জ্যাম।	2
কুড়িল থেকে উত্তরা, ট্র্যাফিকের অবস্থা কী ।	3
মহাখালী থেকে বসুন্ধরা পর্যন্ত বর্তমান মুহুর্তের অবস্থা কী?	3
লোকেশন - খিলক্ষেত রোড ব্লক করে উত্তরার দিকে।	1
খিলক্ষেত থেকে আটকে বিমানবন্দরের দিকে .	1
বিমানবন্দর সড়কে এগিয়ে যাবেন না!	1
কেউ আমাকে বলতে পারবেন কেন বিমানবন্দরের রাস্তার দিকে ফ্লাইওভার বন্ধ রয়েছে ?	3
মগবাজার মোড় থেকে উত্তরায় কী অবস্থা ?	3
উত্তরা থেকে বনানীর বর্তমান অবস্থা কী ?	3
বনানীতে আট ঘন্টা ধরে আটকে (বিজয় সরণির দিকে)।	1
মিরপুর থেকে বনানীর কালশি হয়ে এখনও কোন অবরোধ আছে ?	3
মহাখালী থেকে ধানমন্ডি ২৭ - বর্তমান পরিস্থিতি কি ?	3
কাওরানবাজার এড়িয়ে চলুন। প্রধানমন্ত্রী সোনার গাওনে আসছেন। কাওরানবাজারের সাথে সম্পর্কিত সমস্ত লিঙ্কযুক্ত রাস্তা অবরুদ্ধ করা হয়েছে। শুভকামনা করছি।	1
কারওয়ান বাজার এড়িয়ে চলুন - বিজয় শরোনি এলাকা সম্পূর্ণ!	1
আধ ঘন্টা ধরে ফার্মগেটের দিকে শ্যামলীতে আটকে। যে কি হচ্ছে কেউ জানেন ?	3
কুড়িল থেকে উত্তরা, ট্র্যাফিকের অবস্থা কী ?	3
উত্তরা থেকে নটুন বাজারের বর্তমান পরিস্থিতি কী ?	3
আমি শুধু বসুন্ধরা মিরপুরে আসি, রাস্তার অবস্থা বেশ ভাল। তবে পাবলিক বাসের সংখ্যা খুব কম	2
কারওয়ানবাজার থেকে মহাখালী রেল গেট রোড পুরোপুরি যানজটে ভরা।	1
গুলশান ২ থেকে প্রাইভেট কার দিয়ে ঢাকা কলেজ যাওয়া নিরাপদ ?	3
বনানীতে ভয়াবহ ট্র্যাফিক	1
বনানীর কাকোলির দিকে তীব্র ট্র্যাফিক।	1
মহাখালী থেকে বনানীতে ভারী যানজট 	1
ভারী ট্র্যাফিক পল্টন অঞ্চল।	1
ভিকারুননেসে পরীক্ষার জন্য কাছাকাছি ভারী যানজট	1
জাহাঙ্গীর গেটে বিশাল ট্র্যাফিক।	1
ধানমন্ডির সুশৃঙ্খল ট্র্যাফিক।	2
এখন পুলিশ প্লাজার অবস্থা। যান জট নেই।	2
কোনও ট্র্যাফিক নেই ... উত্তরায় আপনাকে স্বাগতম	2
আর্মি স্টেডিয়াম সামনে বাইক দুর্ঘটনা	6
মহাখালী ফ্লাইওভারের উপরে ৪ টি গাড়ি দুর্ঘটনা	6
কাওলা থেকে বিমানবন্দরের দিকে বিমানবন্দর সড়কে দুর্ঘটনা	6
শ্যামলীতে দুর্ঘটনা	6
কালশি বস্তিতে আগুন	7
গুলশানে আগুন লেগেছে	7
বনানীর এফআর টাওয়ারে আগুন	7
শেওড়াপাড়ায় আগুন লেগেছে। সেই পথটি এড়িয়ে চলুন।	7
Drive smoothly.	2
No traffic jam.	2
No stuck in Dhanmondi.	2
Complete free road.	2
Fast drive, no jam.	2
Absolutely free flyover.	2
Traffic Jam is near	1
No traffic jam is occuring	2
Traffic jam is occuring	1
in a grid lock situation	1
free road	2
ah peace no jam	2
No traffic jam	2
Huge grid lock	1
huge traffic jam	1
complete free road	2
free road	2
stuck for hours	1
no movement	1
complete free road	2
grid lock	1
Traffic condition is horrible	1
Still long way to go	1
VIPs are heading somewhere else	1
totally gridlocked	1
couldn’t even reach	1
traffic at standstill	1
Happy Drive	2
Free drive	2
full packed	1
no jam	2
vip coming	1
road completely free	2
miracle to reach home	1
traffic situation is out of control	1
Complete packed in all directions	1
no vip movement	2
Horrible traffic condition	1
Unbelievable JAM	1
jam is no more here	2
road is completely free	2
same place.	1
vip coming.	1
prime minister coming.	1
Road is abosolutely clear.	2
You can freely move. No traffic jam.	2
All roads are clear.	2
No congested driving conditions.	2
Road has no congestion.	2
Roads are free.	2
VIPs are gone. Roads started to be clear. No traffic in sight.	2
Move freely. No jam in the road.	2
Clean and Clear road.	2
road is fully packed.	2
jam is cleared.	2
Too much traffic.	1